Now that you've perfected the ``Dockerfile``, built the image on your
local host, tested running the Docker container and tool packaged
inside, and have released this version on GitHub, it's time to push the
image to a place where others can use it. For this you can use Docker
Hub or GitLab but we prefer `Quay.io <https://quay.io>`__ since it
integrates really nicely with Dockstore.

You can manually ``docker push`` the image you have already built but
the most reliable and transparent thing you can do is link your GitHub
repository (and the Dockerfile contained within) to Quay.io. This will
cause Quay to automatically build the Docker image every time there is a
change.

Log onto Quay.io now and setup a new repository (click the "+" icon).

.. figure:: /assets/images/docs/quay_new_repo.png
   :alt: New Quay Repo

   New Quay Repo

For your sanity, you should match the name to what you were using
previously. So in this case, it's my username then the same repo name as
in GitHub ``denis-yuen/dockstore-tool-bamstats``. Also, Dockstore will
only work with ``Public`` repositories currently. Notice I'm selecting
"Link to a GitHub Repository Push." This is because we want Quay to
automatically build our Docker image every time we update the repository
on GitHub. Very slick!

.. figure:: /assets/images/docs/build_all.png
   :alt: Build Trigger

   Build Trigger

Click through to select the organization and repo that will act as the
source for your image. Here I select the GitHub repo for
``denis-yuen/dockstore-tool-bamstats`` but this should be the username
or organization you used in your tutorial run-through.

It will then ask if there are particular branches you want to build; I
typically just let it build everything.

So every time you do a commit to your GitHub repo, Quay automatically
builds and tags a Docker image. If this is overkill for you, consider
setting up a regular expression to trigger builds at this step.

.. figure:: /assets/images/docs/run_trigger.png
   :alt: Build Trigger

   Build Trigger

It will also ask you where your Dockerfile is located and where your
build context is (normally the root).

At this point, you can confirm your settings and "Create Trigger"
followed by "Run Trigger Now" to actually perform the initial build of
the Docker images. You'll need to click on the little gear icon next to
your build trigger to accomplish this.

.. figure:: /assets/images/docs/manual_trigger.png
   :alt: Manual Trigger

   Manual Trigger

Manually trigger it with a version name of ``1.25-6_1.1`` for this
tutorial. Normally, I let the build trigger build a new tag for each new
release on GitHub. "latest" on Quay.io is built any time I check-in on
any branch. This can be useful for development but is discouraged in
favour of a tagged version number for formal releases of your tool.

In my example, I should see a ``1.25-6_1.1`` listed for this Quay.io
Docker repository:

.. figure:: /assets/images/docs/build_tags.png
   :alt: Build Tags

   Build Tags

And I do, so this Docker image has been built successfully by Quay and
is ready for sharing with the community.
